from the slightly ridiculous to the
sublime for our last portion of the
evening we have a very special guest
storyteller Murali Venkat Rao from an
undersea Adolphe who is going to tell us
about the origins of Gayatri mantra
we're very pleased to have Murali here
with us Thank You Gandhi
good evening everybody it's time to stop
having fun now the story I'm about to
tell you it's it's very famous in India
but it's it's it's hardly known outside
of the country a story is so famous that
it's influenced people's lifestyles
across the sanctuaries so to give you an
example I was some was brought up in
India twin a semi orthodox brahmin
family Brahmins are the priestly caste
and in my house we were forbidden to eat
eggplants eggplants on Thursdays it's
because of what happens in this story so
you can think of this as perhaps the
most famous story you may have never
heard and before I go any further I
should say perhaps you have noticed that
I have an accent and I'll try my best to
speak slowly so you can understand me
if you still have trouble understanding
me not sure just try harder what else I
can do but I'll try my best
so this this is the story of of a
warrior who became a yogi it's the story
of what happens when human power
confronts divine power but most
importantly it's the story of a mantra
you all know what mantras are his her
sacred incantations they set up a
resonance in the body
not merely resonance coming from sound
of course it does that but in astral
resonance the the result of this is the
veil of delusion of Maya it's just a
little thinner it parts ever so slightly
to help us perceive the Creator behind
all of creation
so mantras are known to be healing in
fact that's what the word mantra means
that which heals is known as mantra
there are many many mantras through a
very simple beautiful one
his Rama Rama Rama Rama Rama and you
keep chanting this takes us to a very
uplifted state the beautiful chant that
you heard coming into this amphitheater
om namah Shivaya
a mantra of six syllables ohm na mo
Shiva yeah six syllables this is known
to destroy bad habits in us and grant us
thereby great power the mantra of twelve
syllables om namo bhagavate vasudevaya
the sister mantra that takes us in word
our energy into the spine and redirects
it upward towards God the mantra of
thirty two syllables Mohammed enjoy a
mantra which is very central to our fire
ceremonies it's the mantra of liberation
but the best of them the easiest the
most exalted one a mantra that is so
powerful so filled with benevolence and
grace that anybody that chants it no
matter the cosmic burden they carry will
go towards enlightenment very quickly
this is of course the Gayatri mantra
it's a mantra of twenty-four syllables
and it's been chanted by millions of
people over thousands of years
as to we chanted in our fire ceremonies
and so forth how you see you just can't
mantras you just can't invent them so
you can't go home tonight and say I'll
learn I'll invent a mantra for back pain
you'll come up with something might
increase your back pain doesn't work
that way when a self-realized master is
in deep communion with God with a
specific intention that's beneficial to
everybody God helps him or her by
manifesting himself in this in a set of
astral sounds so these mantras are heard
while in deep meditation by great
masters this is the story of the Gayatri
mantra who was it given to why was it
given so all stories begin in the same
way all stories have the same beginning
it goes something like this
a long long time ago so does this story
a long time ago this was so long ago
that it was in a higher age Satya Yuga
it is said that in that age
Dharma righteousness stood on all four
feet it was firmly established men and
women could hear the voice of God more
easily than we do today in that age
lived a king
his name is Vishwamitra Vishwamitra
means friend of the universe he was a
great king his under his rule his
subjects were prosperous they lived in
harmony they thought of God they lived
closer to nature he was a powerful King
he ruled with the perfect combination of
justice might and love he had a great
army he himself was a great warrior
under his leadership his armies in
defeated undefeated armies had
established dominion over much of this
earth now if you're a king I'm going to
go out on a limb and guess that more not
many of you are kings or Empress's in
your life so so I'm going to tell you
what you have to do in case you find
yourself becoming ruler of a Dominion
is very important listen carefully you
can't just hang out in your palace all
the time giving parties or executing
people you do that - that's it's part of
being a king but every now and then you
have to go tour your kingdom you have to
visit the principalities the
municipalities vassal states and go look
at what people are saying about you you
get some field intelligence as they say
and make sure that everything's going
well so Vishwamitra the great king the
friend of the universe he decides to do
the same thing
his kingdom is vast so it he can't
really go in the morning and come back
the next day or something so he takes a
retinue he takes a heap he takes a bunch
of soldiers with him a thousand of his
best soldiers and he begins to tour the
kingdom it's so vast that it takes
almost an entire year for him to tour
the kingdom and the year is about to
come to an end he's very happy kingdoms
going well nobody is about to rebel and
people are thinking good thoughts and so
forth and before returning to Palace
where to his fellows he has one more
stop to make it's not - a vassal state
or some other principality but rather
it's in a hermitage in ashram deep
within the forest in this Hermitage
lives reishi
reishi is a title it's a title given to
a but it's a title given to a master of
great spiritual achievement you see back
in those days the King was responsible
for the material well-being of his
citizens but it was also recognized that
the spiritual well-being was equally
important the spiritual well-being was
the responsibility of the rishi he
functioned as a guru of the king and as
the spiritual protector of the kingdom
so Vishwamitra is visiting the ashram of
his guru a great rishi named vasishtha
see sanskrit names have this quality to
them vasishtha those of you that you
know that already tells you you're tired
not talking about a trivia
guy and indeed he wasn't those of you
that do yoga you know this asana was
hist asana guys know that it's very
poorly translated a side plank
but it's the asana Vasishta what's so
great about him
well even among the Rishi's he was
exalted you see his soul lived in
constant communion with God constantly
never away from God and therefore when
was hitched her spoke God spoke through
him it was always true even if it wasn't
true by when he started speaking it it
would become true by the time he ended
speaking it because the universe
rearranged itself to follow the will of
God he is his consciousness was a
perfect mirror of divine consciousness
so he had a special title Brahma Rishi
not is not just a Rishi
but Bramha Rishi Brahma means Supreme
Spirit very she in touch with supreme
spirit all the time and as a mark of his
spiritual achievement he carried around
a wooden staff not unlike what I am
holding right now this was the staff of
God the staff of Brahma representing his
communion with God so Vishwamitra the
friend of the universe the Great King
visits his guru brahma rishi vasishtha
the man through whom God speaks so
Vishwamitra goes in he's removed his
Footwear he is dressed in regular
clothes as a mark of respect and
vasishtha he's a very emaciated looking
person with long matted locks and the
flowing white beard wide eyes filled
with God's peace his entire ashram
reflects that peace they refer there are
trees pregnant with fruits they are
fragrant flowers deer and other animals
who are attracted by the peace he has
his acolytes his disciples other Yogi's
and apprentices in his ashram and
vasishtha receives Vishwamitra and asked
him Oh King are you doing well
are the rains happening on time said any
floods or famine or people in harmony
with God and so on and Vishwamitra
answers all of them and then he asks the
questions that are appropriate for him
he says guru Deva do you have everything
you need
you have enough ghee for the fire
ceremonies that you do enough rice are
the cows bountiful in what they give you
you need more land through your
generosity King and through the grace of
God I have everything I need and then
they talk this way for a few more
minutes and then Vasishta says you've
been travelling for an entire year let
me make you a great big banquet for you
and your army you look very tired looks
like you haven't had good food in a long
time SWA Mitra says I mean how can you
refuse your guru but he's thinking he
looks around it it's a forest Hermitage
it's about 10 or so Hut's where are the
granaries where is the kitchen what am I
going to get this is a little suspicious
at this point but what to do it's your
guru so you got it please say okay in a
year of starvation durations what's one
more one more lunch with bad food yes
sir we are we are happy to in vasishtha
the man who always speaks God's truth
looks at the meadow there are a few cows
in there when one of them is especially
eye-catching you can tell that there is
something special about her vasishtha
looks at the cow and the cow is so
attuned to her master that she senses
the look and turns and saunters over and
she Nestle's his hand and looks at him
with big brown eyes filled with love as
if asking master what do you want and
vasishtha looks at the cowan says my
child as you can see we have a lot of
guests he points his staff of Brahma at
her forehead touches it and says will
you not prepare a great banquet for us
what he spoken the words of God what he
says has to be true and the cow shakes
herself just a little bit just a teeny
shake and makes a sound you know to
sound that cows make the more
it's filled with love then one teresting
happens from the belly of this
wish-fulfilling heavenly cow begin to
emerge great heaps of food mounts of
warm rice infused with ghee and saffron
rivers of milk and honey and curds
mangoes melons guavas jackfruits
savories all kinds of breads not unlike
the meal we had he began to emerge in
silver platters golden dishes crystal
goblets magically mountains of food
tables appear in the forest clearing and
soon the mother of all buffets is set up
a banquet like nobody has ever seen
before the soldiers they have been
eating such bad food for an entire year
they are ready to pounce on it and what
sister say stop he gathers his disciples
holds up the staff and blesses the food
receive Lord in delight the food we eat
for it is dying infuse it with thy love
thy energy thy life divine the food is
now twice blessed and then the soldiers
begin to eat poor things they give a new
meaning to the term all-you-can-eat
buffet pile their plates with food but
the food keeps appearing they eat for an
entire hour they eat themselves into
senseless stupor that's how hungry they
were all the while Vishwamitra is
thinking it feels like I should have
this cow
imagine the kind of parties I can throw
in my palace
what's this cow doing here so he goes up
to a sista Gurudeva I have a question
for you yes my son if you had a great
big shiny diamond and if it's in the
forest don't you think it's a waste of
course it's a waste my son
what do forest dwellers what use do they
have of a shiny diamond Lord this cow is
exactly like that it's a shiny diamond
it belongs in my palace if it was with
me I could banish hunger in my kingdom I
will give you ten thousand cows would
you let me have this divine
wish-fulfilling cow Vasishta looks at
him and says this cow was given to me by
the creator himself it's destiny
it's karma Dharma is to satisfy the
meagre needs of my ashram it cannot be
in the palace you shall not have the cow
now Vishwamitra gets into full
negotiation mode he's a king after all
he says without thinking what he says he
says I will give you 14000 war elephants
war elephants for a forest monk vasista
laughs at him what will I do with a
single elephant let alone a war elephant
let alone 14 thousand of them you shall
not have the cow I will give you 11
thousand of the best horses in my
kingdom no my son you shall not have the
cow he ups the ante he says if you eight
hundred chariots before you say now each
chariot will be filled with the choicest
and the rarest of gemstones vasishtha
looks at him and in a tone that's both
disdainful and firm he says you can give
me a million cows you can give me the
wealth in all of your kingdom but you
shall not have the cow it does not
belong to you it's not your Dharma
Vishwamitra is a great warrior he's a
king he's not used to disobedience
he's now angry take caution in your tone
remember to whom you're speaking the
land that you stand on is the land that
I own you have it because I gave it to
you everything that's on this land
belongs to me I could have taken the cow
at any time it would still be dharmic
but out of respect for you I offered you
great wealth snaps his fingers and the
general of the army comes what is your
bidding my lord he says get a squad
together capture the cow let's take it
back with us and the squad of men rushes
towards this beautiful wish-fulfilling
sattvic howl in the meadow and the cow
looks at Passy star as if beseeching him
asking are you going to let them harm me
my lord and Vasishta looks at the cow
you have within you the power to stop
them protect yourself God has spoken the
power shakes herself a bit much more
vigorously this time and makes a sound a
moving sound but not nothing like how
she made it before it was like as if a
lion just rolled and then she goes till
what happens next stunning from her
belly begin to emerge hundreds of
soldiers so not ordinary soldiers expert
charioteers from Greece horsemen from
the steppes of Mongolia swordsmen from
Cambodia and archers from India they
come out of the cow wish-fulfilling
heavenly cow in droves
now Vishwamitra army is no slouch either
they mean they have dominated the entire
earth indefatigable so they arrange
themselves into battle formation but
what chance does a human army have
against this divine host very soon as if
within minutes the entire army is
decimated
defeated eviscerated all the soldiers of
mushy Vishwamitra dead or they lay dying
Vishwamitra the friend of the entire
universe is stunned what happened all my
life I believed in human power all my
life I trained to be a warrior equipped
the best army and conquered the entire
earth and here at the forest monk with a
wooden staff and a cow my army was
defeated filled with anger
cheeks burning in humiliation he's a
great warrior he's not one to give up
he has indomitable will he looks at was
his toe says I don't know what you just
did but this is not over he turns his
heel without looking back he strides
away from the ashram and goes where does
he go where do all such people go we
just saw it in the skit of course they
go to the Himalayas amidst the snowy
peaks of the Himalayas Vishwamitra the
friend of the universe begins to
meditate to the great god Shiva the god
of destruction the patron saint of all
weapons
how does he meditate what austerities
does he perform he stands on one leg he
lifts his arms and stands there as a
king he is used to three meals a day he
stops he reduces that to two and then to
one and then eventually he begins to eat
only the dried leaves and the grass
that's available to him on the ground
near him when winter comes he stands in
an icy River lifted up when summer comes
he stands on an exposed ledge he begins
he meditates a year passes om
namashivaya
the great six syllable mantra he
continues to chant that and meditate om
namashivaya home namah shivaya keeps
going the year passes and then ten years
fifty years 200 years om namashivaya
such is the power of his anger and the
nature of his will
home namah Shivaya continues to meditate
a thousand years later a thousand years
later Shiva appears in front of him
dark-skinned the heart blue is his skin
smeared in ashes matted locks as biggest
mountains that surround him crescent
moon on his head with a great Trident
and Shiva says with the voice that fills
the mountains and the valleys around him
and he says my son Vishwamitra I'm very
happy with you
what boon do you seek here comes trouble
it is said she was the greatest friend
of devotees you know why because all he
wants mr. David he's low and he's
willing to give anything and so it was
that she was a friend of devotees the
Lord of destruction has asked the
question he's popped the question now
there's no turning back
and Vishwamitra says my lord you're the
god of destruction the patron saint of
all weapons physical astral celestial
will you not give me mastery over all of
those weapons I would like to have
mastery over the power of the wind and
fire and water I would like to have the
poison of all snakes within me at my
beck and call and the ferocity of all
wild animals the cost to Shiva says be
it so Vishwamitra fills fills his body
filled with this great power can you
imagine then one instant you feel the
sacred mantras coming into your mind
that allows you to control fire earth
water air and you feel the great
ferocity of all wild animals indomitable
indefatigable so his body fills with
power his mind fills with power he
begins to walk all the anger repressed
for a thousand years comes back unabated
perhaps amplified seeking vengeance he
doesn't need to walk anymore he's the
master of the wind so he flies to assist
us ashram Brahm Harish she was he stood
a man through whom God speaks
and he descends into the ashram and he
sees their meadow where he was
humiliated
those little pitiful little huts his
anger bubbles up uncontrolled he chants
the him to Agni the god of fire lifts
his hands and threw his hands shoot out
doubts and fountains of flame it is not
mere flame it is the elemental force of
fire itself it arches high up into air
and descends down into the poor mud huts
which have the Acolytes and the
disciples and the Yogi's women and
children these poor humble Hut's it
incinerates all of them in an instant
the meadow is burned the trees pregnant
with fruits are gone the fragrant
flowers the deer all animals they are
gone moments ago it was filled with the
fragrance of flowers in the song of
birds now there is the smell of charred
flesh and the crackle of bone about to
break an eerie silence descends over the
ashram the silence is broken by a
resonant voice what have you done you
evil King is the voice of a sistah he
comes before Vishwamitra his staff in
hand I fed you I invited your armies
into this Hermitage and gave you a break
a great banquet
is this how you repay me what a sin you
have committed his great big eyes still
filled with divine peace but also filled
with bottomless sorrow tinged with
bottomless sorrow and vasishtha says in
a voice that is both true and
frightening be prepared to pay the price
of your sin Vishwamitra just laughs at
him you know last time Vasisht I know
what I don't know what you did there was
a magical cow and somehow it killed my
armies it's it's not like that now I
have the power of Shiva within me there
is no weapon that's not under my control
you cannot be summon some cow and kill
me now be prepared to face my wrath
and saying so once again he lifts his
arms and the power of fire comes out of
him and begins to arc up in the air
vasishtha holds his staff an emaciated
monk hardly built there was very
emaciated skin and bones holding a poor
wooden staff he holds it in front of him
and this fire instead of going up and
spreading out like he did before seems
to be attracted into a single laser beam
comes to the center of the staff and
gets absorbed by it in one moment the
power of fire is gone nullified the
staff pulses just a little bit with the
great energy that had just absorbed and
his still was history is not even using
his other hand just one hand that's good
enough for you Vishwamitra is beside
himself in anger he invokes the power of
water a wall of water a tsunami forms in
front of him gather strength and roars
towards was his toe holds the staff one
hand a frail monk standing there a man
of God realization the wooden staff
absorbs all the water just like that the
water of all the Seas and all the oceans
in the world is absorbed in one moment
by a thin wooden staff held by an
emaciated monk Vishwamitra continues to
power the explosive power of air of
Earth he rains down mountains boulders
uproots trees everything absorbed by the
staff not knowing what else to do he
takes the nuclear option
ready to push the red button what is the
nuclear option well the greatest force
in the universe what is the greatest
force in the universe it's the force
that created the universe of course the
creative potential of universe itself
it's called Brahmas weapon Brahmastra
with a chant with a mantra that's
unknown to all but very few he begins to
suck the power out of the entire
creation the earth spasms in
uncontrolled earthquakes the heavens are
disturbed and all the power gets sucked
in it becomes a strange astral beam
coming out of issue emitters 4head such
is the power of this beam that even
Vasishta feels his skin darken and there
are sparks coming out of the hair on his
hands and even he is disturbed a little
bit and he holds the staff with stronger
hands this time using both hands the
power of the entire creation is absorbed
into the staff of the Creator nothing
like this has ever been tried or seen
before the staff vibrates a little bit
with the power and then dissipates it to
all of creation harmony is restored in
this moment of ultimate defeat the
nuclear option the buttons been pressed
nothing's happened now Vishwamitra
realizes what happens when human power
even great human can't power confronts
the infinite power of God of course it's
absorbed a moment of Epiphany he sees
the sin that he has committed he looks
at his hands and says these are the
hands that were about to kill my
gurudeva
what have I done he's mortified with his
sin but then he said Kshatriya he's a
warrior such as his will that he doesn't
dwell on what went wrong there right in
that instant he decides the only way I
can atone for my sin
is to become a Brahma Rishi myself when
I'm in constant communion with God then
I will know how to atone for my sin it's
too great otherwise now this time he
says the same thing what he said before
that this is not over I will be back but
now it is said with an entirely
different tone I will be back please
forgive me I will be a Brahma she goes
back to the Himalayas
they were Bhoomi the land of gods he
goes back there and begins to meditate
and what austerity it was he doesn't eat
anything he doesn't drink anything it is
said that it's easy to fast it's not
that hard it's even easy to forego water
for a few days but what's not easy is to
forego sleep with indomitable will
Vishwamitra gains mastery over sleep
begins to focus on God and praise to the
God and says give me God contact oh lord
I wish to atone for my sin and he begins
to meditate the year passes ten years
fifty years you know where I'm going
with this two hundred years keeps
meditating the power of my sauce charity
is so great that smoke begins to come
out of his body but he continues the
thousand years later Brahma the Creator
appears he experiences his great
stillness and in that moment of
stillness Brahma the Creator appears he
says Vishwamitra my son I am very
pleased with your great will and your
single-minded contemplation of me and
with the thrill of God contact with Shah
Mitra looks up to the Creator to Brahma
and Brahma says you are now a Roger a
she Roger she means you're a king among
Rishi's and the Rishi among kings and
Brahma vanishes of course the thrill of
contact the off of God contact is great
it's amazing life changing
but that's not enough for Vishwamitra he
wants to be a brahma russia the will of
the chat read the will of man is very
piss very great so he begins he begins
to contemplate where did I go wrong
SWOT Shia self-study where did I go
wrong then he realizes somewhere in the
Thousand Year meditation there was one
day when he pees meditating is really
getting to a good place and then they
were saying there was a very melodious
song of a songbird which disturbs his
meditation he wakes up with great anger
he curses the bird who makes bad things
happen to it and he says that's where I
went wrong God may have touched my heart
but anger still remains in me why do I
have anger he meditates on it ah I have
anger because I still have desired I
desire to be a Brahma regime
why do I have desire this is a hard one
I have desired because I have
attachments he's getting close to the
essence of the problem why do I have
attachments this is really hard he
thinks why do I have attachments I have
given up my family my kingdom is long
gone I don't even know what happened to
my descendants I wear the robes of a
simple monk why do I have attachment why
does he have attachment another moment
of Epiphany what a realization it was I
have attachments simply because simply
because I dwell on things
I dwell on the beauty of a tree I'm
attached to that tree I dwell on the
fragrance of a flower I'm attached to
that flower I dwell on the beauty of a
woman I'm attached to that woman he says
then what is the solution I cannot think
about creation I can only think about
the Creator
that is the transformation how he says
how shall I seek the Lord my God and the
answer comes seek me through service
how shall I serve the Lord my God and
the answer comes seek serve me by loving
me that's all God wants
how shall I love the Lord my God with
every breath you take with body mind and
soul I seek only D and now Vishwamitra
enters into meditation Vishwamitra the
friend of the universe Roger she enters
into meditation now he doesn't want
anything he doesn't want to be a brother
she he doesn't want any attainments he
just sits in meditation and his breath
heap he lived only on breath now even
his beretta stopped such as his
stillness the great fountain of energy
begins to rise from the base of his
spine rising up through the central
channel washing away lifetime's of writ
ease of karmic worte sees his heart
opens completely to the presence of God
and he stays in divine ecstasy for who
knows how long per year fifty years two
hundred years maybe a thousand years we
don't know there is no time he stays in
divine ecstasy and then finally the
Supreme Spirit himself takes human form
as god Vishnu resplendent in golden
robes arms lifted in benediction he
appears in front of eeshwar Mitra
Vishwamitra a friend of the universe you
shall always be with me from now on I
shall never leave leave your presence
you will always be in infinite bliss
hold out your right hand Vishwamitra
holds out the right hand and in the
right hand appears the simple wooden
staff you are a Brahmin Russia now when
you speak you speak my will
tears are flowing down Vishwamitra
sticks when he has it he no longer wants
it why he has God already what does a
wooden staff mean what is the title mean
isn't that the nature of all our
aspirations even the greatest ones
that's why it's called as Leela it's a
game that God plays nonetheless Brahma
Harish II Vishwamitra what does he say
Lord the hand in which you placed your
staff which is meant to hold your power
has sinned gravely
it was once about to strike my gurudeva
how can i atone for that sin my lord and
vishnu says the dark ages are coming my
son you had the willpower to find me
through pure human willpower alone in
the dark ages this is not possible
will you not find find find a trick find
something that everybody can use that in
the depths of the dark ages they can
just deploy that little tool that little
trick and they too can be enlightened
like you are then visualize resist I
will be done Lord goes back into
meditation for a yogi of
self-realization for a Brahma Horatio
what is time has no meaning so in using
his yogic power he travels forward in
time to the dark ages the sense in
astral form perhaps has walked among us
in this earth and begins to feel the
human pain and suffering in the dark
ages brought along by lust desire
possessiveness and all the endless
cycles of births and deaths that we are
part of for a man of self-realization
the man who has seemed infinite based
bliss what suffering is this his heart
cannot tolerate it it's its rend asunder
by this incredible pain and suffering of
humanity he meditates fervently
feverishly
help me get rid of the pain of humanity
Lord please show me something he
continues to meditate and I won't go
through how long he meditated you all
know this let's say a long time later
his heart is still torn with pain as he
continues to meditate and suddenly he
begins to hear his small sound in his
right ear and he realizes that when he
focuses on that sound the pain the pain
of humanity that he feels in his heart
is reduced just a little bit he focuses
even more and the indistinct sound
becomes a little more distinct focus is
even more and the syllables begin to
separate themselves from this sound and
they arrange themselves in here behind
the spiritual eye golden syllables
twenty-four syllables eight eight
syllables per line it arranges
themselves in itself in three lines and
he looks at those and begins to chant it
loudly then he realized and as soon as
he does that the pain that he feels is
in his heart melts away now he knows the
will of God has been done through God's
grace I have found a mantra a mantra
that is so great that in the darkest
depths of human suffering just listening
to it heals my heart I shall call thee
the Gayatri mantra he says and he begins
to chant and then he hears the chant
even outside of his physical form it's
error it's as if many people are
chanting with him he opens his hands
hand automatically going to Brahm had
under the staff of God and he sees in
front of him who else but Brahma Hara
Shiva sistah he's standing there great
smile on his face eyes filled with love
and compassion he comes to Vishwamitra
and says Vishwamitra friend of the
universe Brahma Rishi the one through
whom God speaks his will God used your
anger to serve a purpose you have given
such a great gift to mankind the Gayatri
mantra which is capable so powerful that
it is capable of granting enlightenment
no matter who chants it gods and angels
are surrounding vasishtha and they all
say glory be to Vishwamitra blessed be
Vishwamitra the great saint the great
Brahm hurry she let his name stand for
as long as the Sun and the moon stands
and so it was that through the efforts
of Vishwamitra the friend of the
universe the Gayatri mantra was given to
us as a gift by God himself no matter
what our cosmic girl burden might be
chanting this mantra with devotion is
capable of parting the veil of maya just
a little bit so that we can perceive the
eternal bliss of the creator in our in
our hearts so will you join me now in
chanting this mantra as millions of
people have done over thousands of years
will play a recording of swami chanting
this and then will chant along with him
uh swa-- home-tatts of ether of irony
[Music]
Margeaux they let shadi my the your
you know furniture they are
[Music]
hood
uh swa-- home that's of eternia Peugeot
the
yeah
yo
oh they are
[Music]
sois oh that savvy tada
Vargo the the
[Music]
ah-ah-achoo they are
sois home that's a liter of irony
yes
Oh
recho they are
[Music]
ha that's of it
go
the
yo
recho they are
[Music]
sois that's of ether
Peugeot to us yeah
the true the
uh swa-- that's of eternia
where's your team I do
oh they are
[Music]
sois home that Savita
forgive us
you're
the true they are
[Music]
like to thank Morelli for this beautiful
beautiful telling of the story of God
too much Thank You Marie thank you to
our dancers our chanters and our other
stars are probably somewhere trying to
scrub off all the makeup but also many
thanks to melody and cara Dossett sam
and thank you
[Applause]